## Christmas tree Xmas_duck_tree.tex/gif
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AVHT3fQQoZ8 at most until around
sec 38

## Devil duck Xmas_devil_duck.tex/gif
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5GCSWEgZT94

## French ducks Xmas_French_ducks.tex/gif
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=D1F-ErYNs1U

## Welsh ducks Xmas_Welsh_ducks.tex/gif
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SMI5wpwXTCY

## Darth Vader Duck Xmas_Darth_Vader_duck.tex/gif
a few seconds of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-bzWSJG93P8

## Prisoner Duck prisoner-duck-UF.tex/pdf
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OH3-acV6bYQ The beats with "san
quentin you have been living hell to me".

## Prisoner Ducks (many) prisoners-duck-UF.tex/gif
https://www.youtube.com/watch?time_continue=3&v=iW0XBrhe9ZQ (from
around sec 53)

## Football Ducks football-duck-UF.tex/pdf
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h5ot3HypCL0 (from around sec 30 Die
Seele brennt ...

## large christmas duck (no file yet)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OOlkX4Ly1cw
(10-15 seconds)

## Witch witch-duck-UF.tex/gif
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GTXBLyp7_Dw from around sec 6 to at
most 45 or
https://harry-potter-sounds.ambient-mixer.com/harry-potter-in-the-rain
(creative commons license)

## Brazil brazil-duck-UF.tex/gif
a few tacts of lambada, e.g.
https://www.bing.com/videos/search?q=lambada&view=detail&mid=1534DC477F281487B1A81534DC477F281487B1A8&FORM=VIRE
(without singing)

## Scots scot-duck-UF.tex/gif
 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qQgPReMF1f0

## Pirate ducks pirate-duck-UF.tex/gif
https://www.youtube.com/watch?time_continue=16&v=98luuj8ymoQ

## Christmas (lots) christmas-duck-UF.tex
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dG-62zBnKkQ
at most 30 seconds

## Queen duck (no file yet)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?time_continue=2&v=WYqGYQGgF-g
